# BoTynical

The app that our group has planned is called BoTinycal, a game-esque environment where the user will manage a little virtual garden on their personal device. The user will have the ability to plant seeds and manage the growth of the little plants in their garden, with many different seeds being made available for growth. The health of the plants will be dependent on how frequently the user visits and takes care of their plants, as well as factors such as the elements. The environment will feature weather that will vary based on the weather at the location of the user, and the health of their plants will be stored in a database that is tied to their phone’s account. Sprites will represent the state of the plants (i.e. healthy, wilted, etc), and the application will prompt the user with instructions depending on the overall health of the plants in their garden. The database of choice is MongoDB, which we will use to store various components, such as the health of the plants as well as the user who owns the plants, and the possible seeds. The API that will be used is the OpenWeatherAPI, in order to track the real time weather in the live location of the user. The sensors that we have currently planned for usage are the GPS to track the location of the user, and vibration haptics to notify the user about status updates to their plants. Tentatively, we have considered using the gyroscope as well so that when the user shakes their phone, an action could occur, such as watering their plants in the environment. We have chosen the Samsung Galaxy 22 and Samsung Z Flip 6 as our test devices. These devices are very different from each other and we feel as though they are representative of our target device range, which will ideally be all models of phones and tablets. 
